You wake up with a twitch and can feel your body sweating, like you had an intense dream. 
“What was that? A dream?” you think to yourself, but before you can get your thoughts together you notice that you're in an unfamiliar room and as you look around you notice a small empty table on the left side of your bed and as you pan around the room you notice a small window with cobweb in the corners and old rags used as blinds right in front of you. It’s not until you look to your right that you notice the door being wide open and you can hear something faint in the distance outside of your room.

You walk down the hallway slowly as you hear the noise of faint conversations coming from downstairs. As you reach the end of the hall you see some stairs to your left going down and when you take your first step down the stairs, it lets out a loud creek and the conversation suddenly stops.
Before you can react you see the silhouette of a person standing at the end of the stairs looking up at you. You can't tell who the person is in the low lit staircase, it's not until the person speaks that you notice it's a woman.

“Well, look who's finally awake.” says the woman with a soft voice. 
“Why don't you come downstairs and have something to eat, you must be starving” she continues and reaches out with her hand.
Unsure of what to do, you start walking down as you can feel your stomach churning with hunger and come down to a small room, that you would assume is the kitchen. The stove is full with kitchen supplies that you don't really recognize and everything else in the room looks like something out of a medieval story. To the left of you, you see a big table and a man sitting down next to it.
Now that you're in a more well lit room you can make out the people in front of you.
The woman is a slender person with long black hair going down her entire back and also covers half her face, she wares a thin, long, ragged white dress and the man sitting at the table is a muscular built man with a bald head, old raglooking cloths and a stern face. It's not until the man stands up that you notice how tall he is. Two meters? Maybe even more than that and with his muscular build he looks more like a mountain than anything else.